https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test00@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test01@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test02@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test03@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test04@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test05@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test06@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test07@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test08@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test09@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test10@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test11@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test12@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test13@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test14@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test15@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test16@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test17@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test18@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test19@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test20@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test21@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test22@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test23@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test24@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test25@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test26@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test27@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test28@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test29@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test30@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test31@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test32@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test33@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test34@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test35@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test36@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test37@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test38@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test39@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test40@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test41@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test42@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test43@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test44@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test45@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test46@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test47@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test48@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test49@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test50@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test51@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test52@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test53@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test54@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test55@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test56@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test57@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test58@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test59@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test60@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test61@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test62@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test63@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test64@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test65@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test66@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test67@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test68@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test69@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test70@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test71@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test72@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test73@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test74@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test75@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test76@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test77@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test78@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test79@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test80@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test81@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test82@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test83@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test84@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test85@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test86@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test87@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test88@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test89@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test90@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test91@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test92@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test93@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test94@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test95@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test96@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test97@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test98@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test99@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test100@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test101@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test102@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test103@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test104@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test105@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test106@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test107@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test108@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test109@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test110@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test111@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test112@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test113@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test114@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test115@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test116@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test117@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test118@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test119@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test120@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test121@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test122@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test123@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test124@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test125@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test126@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test127@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test128@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test129@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test130@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test131@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test132@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test133@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test134@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test135@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test136@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test137@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test138@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test139@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test140@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test141@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test142@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test143@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test144@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test145@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test146@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test147@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test148@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test149@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test150@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test151@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test152@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test153@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test154@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test155@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test156@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test157@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test158@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test159@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test160@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test161@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test162@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test163@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test164@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test165@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test166@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test167@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test168@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test169@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test170@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test171@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test172@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test173@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test174@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test175@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test176@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test177@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test178@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test179@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test180@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test181@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test182@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test183@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test184@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test185@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test186@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test187@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test188@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test189@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test190@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test191@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test192@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test193@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test194@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test195@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test196@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test197@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test198@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester
https://api.gz.dilab.co/contacts POST email=test199@dilab.co&firstName=Toni&lastName=Tester


17:47:58.688 - 17:48:00.164   -> 1.5s -> 133/s
18:48:03 - 18:56:41           -> 518s -> 0.37/s


2. Runde (scale=2)

20:29:10.955 - 20:29:12.100   -> 2.1s -> 100/s
21:29:15 - 21:37:48           -> 483s -> 0.41/s
